♪ ♪
[Tina]
Hey, Mom, can you pass
the cereal?
I'm gonna have seconds.
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
I gotta eat a good breakfast
because I want to
have enough energy for
Chelsea's party tonight.
It's a dance party.
Yes, you've mentioned that.
Quite a few times.
A million times.
I'm still confused.
Isn't Chelsea the girl
you think is kinda scary?
Scariest girl in the world.
Except for that one Spice Girl.
I forget her name.
Yeah, but I'm still
going to her party.
I mean, it's a dance party
that's not at school,
so no chaperones.
But Chelsea's parents
are gonna be there, right? Tina?
Yeah, they'll be there,
but I heard
they're gonna be upstairs
most of the time
because Chelsea told them
they had to be.
So there's been a lot of talk
about UB at this party.
-UB?
-Upper butt.
The upper part of the butt area.
Okay.
So, you know how when
two people are slow dancing
and sometimes their hands
move a little bit
and there's some consensual
upper butt touching?
-Yup, got it.
-I mean, this is gonna be
my first UB
and I'm feeling pretty excited.
To get some UB,
-and to give some.
-[groans]
-[Louise] Dad, are you okay?
-Mm-hmm.
Aw, I remember
we used to have dances
at the rec center
every Saturday night.
The best part was
that everybody danced.
The cools, the nerds, the jocks,
everybody just dancing
until their legs fell off.
It sounds like maybe
you were doing it wrong?
Oh, and Jimmy Jr.'s
gonna be there.
He's been sick all week,
but last night,
I saw that he replied
"yes" on the evite.
He wrote,
"I'm gonna rest up today
and beat this sinus infection
so my feet can fly."
I think that's exactly what
Julia Stiles says
at the end of
Save the Last Dance.
So, Chelsea asked
Nikki Bernstein to put together
the playlist for the party and
Nikki texted me the whole list.
There's gonna be
three slow songs.
That means three chances for UB,
which is, like, so much UB.
It's a B-load of UB.
Wait. Why can't it be
all slow songs?
More UB bang for your buck?
[groans] Because, Tina, mmm,
it's a delicate balance.
If you do all slow songs,
there's no fast dancing,
no anticipation.
It has to be three songs, Tina.
-Okay, okay.
-And the last one
-is gonna be "Sweet Love Sugar."
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah. That's like
a six-minute-long song, Tina.
It starts slow and then
it gets more and more intense,
and hands just start
moving all over.
They can't help it.
Amateurs will hear
the song speeding up
and they'll start fast dancing.
And they'll be like, "Oh, this
is a fast dance now, I guess."
And just do that.
-But Tina?
-Yeah?
-If you stay slow dancing...
...if you stay in that clinch...
-Yeah?
-...you will
-touch each other's upper butt.
-Damn.
Nikki said it's
the last song of the night
and it's gonna come on
right after "Funky Farmer Fred."
-[school bell rings]
-Good to know, good to know.
♪ ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Uh... ♪
♪ Oh, yeah... ♪
Hello?
The bell went ring-a-ling.
-Didn't you hear it?
-Oh, yep. Heh-heh. Off to class.
-Careful, I just mopped there.
-[Tina] Whoa!
-[thumps]
-I'm fine.
Hey, guys.
One burger of the day, please.
-I'm starving.
-Hey, Teddy.
Teddy, we missed you at lunch.
It's, like, 6:00.
Yeah, I couldn't get away
from this job today.
I got so hungry.
The only thing I've had
all day was two huge burritos.
-[Gene] Mmm.
-Hello, my little
basement birds.
How's Palletsville?
[Louise]
Palletropolis.
Palletropolis, Mother.
[Gene]
It was revitalizing.
We should have
our corporate retreats there.
What's a Palletropolis?
Someone left
a bunch of wooden pallets
in the alley by
the dumpster last night.
Some idiot left them.
And these guys
decided to take them
and put them in the basement.
Oh. No, no, no.
No, no, no. No.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!
Whoa. Okay, you and Dad
-were building stuff, too.
-You were?
Well, yeah. We were. A little.
It got kinda slow here
this afternoon.
We turned it into a competition.
-A building competition?
-Yeah.
Mom built a throne,
and Dad built, um, something.
You guys just didn't
understand my piece,
'cause you don't know
anything about art.
[Louise]
And we built Palletropolis.
[Linda]
The kids won.
The voting was rigged.
And as part of
the winner's ceremony
you're gonna take the pallets
back out to the alley, right?
-Uh, yeah, I'm not sure.
-Mmm, we'll see.
My back hurts.
No, no, no, no, no.
'Cause you agreed,
and the trash truck
is coming tomorrow morning,
and that stuff is trash.
-How dare you!
-Wait.
The competition
can't be over yet.
I want to build something.
You want to build
a pallet thingy?
Yeah, of course I do.
I'm a handyman.
It's what I do! It's who I am!
-Okay, easy, Teddy. Easy.
-Okay, all right.
Sorry, Bob, but if I don't
win this competition,
so help me...
Okay, okay,
you can build a thing.
Great. I'm gonna go get
my tools from the truck.
And my coffee thermos.
And my hand lotion.
I'm a little dry.
Okay, but we're gonna have to
close up soon. Just a reminder.
Okay, Bob. Hi, Tina. Fancy.
-Thank you.
-Aw, look at you.
Hold me closer, Tina Dancer.
-Did you ever
get ahold of Jimmy Jr.?
-No.
I tried calling and texting
on the emergency phone,
but I didn't hear back.
Maybe my plan of asking him
for a verbal agreement
to dance with me
to all the slow songs
wasn't the most
romantic thing in the world.
You wanted him
to RSVP to your UB?
Yeah. Upper butt.
Uh, yes, I know.
-I'm gonna touch
the upper part...
-Yup. Yup.
-...of his butt.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes.
Tina, I get it.
-And he's
gonna touch the upper...
-Please. No more.
[rock music plays]
[Tina]
Pretty good energy in here.
Seeing some of
the kids brushed their hair.
Seeing some tucked-in shirts.
No parents in sight.
This is our house now.
Oh, there's Chelsea.
Hi, Chelsea.
Um, talk to her later, probably.
[indistinct chatter]
It's like somebody
put chum in the water
and it's a room full of hungry
whatever animals eat chum.
-Chum-panzees?
-Yeah.
Well, except for him.
[Jocelyn]
And her. And him.
More UB for us.
Okay, everybody, go, go, go.
Ow!
-Jimmy Jr.
-Hey, Tina.
Sorry I didn't text you back.
I was resting up for tonight.
I had my phone off so
I could get restorative sleep.
No problem.
Um, hey,
I have a question for you--
♪ Stir the pot ♪
♪ The butter's gonna burn ♪
♪ Stir the pot... ♪
Oh, ha-ha. Fun song.
Um. Just-- I was--
♪ Stir the pot,
the butter's gonna burn... ♪
Uh, I'll check back in a bit.
-[pounding]
-[Teddy grunting]
It's been so long.
And really loud.
Is he making sweet love
to a Chevy Malibu?
[power saw whizzing]
Wait, power tools?
Automatically
disqualified, right?
Oh, yeah.
We just had, like,
rubber bands and
chewed-up gum to work with.
[Teddy shouting]
So, Jimmy Jr.,
while I have you--
-All right! [grunting]
-Oh, yeah!
Zeke! Zeke!
So, yeah,
when a slow song comes on,
-do you wanna, um--
-[Zeke] Go! Go!
-[Jimmy Jr. shouts]
-Um, okay, let's talk later.
You see me out there?
-Boy, I was good.
-Yeah.
I was feeling
totally uninhibited.
-Love this.
-[slow song begins]
[gasps] The first slow song.
Hey, Jimmy J--
[thinking]
Oh. Am I, like, really sweaty?
Ugh, why is my arm wet?
Oh, my God.
Am I sweaty on my upper butt?
Oh, yes. Very wet.
That is very wet.
Oh, my God. Laundry room. Yes.
I can go dry my skirt real quick
and then I'll just, uh,
catch Jimmy Jr. on the--
on the next slow song.
Okay. Good plan.
-Snack time.
-I love snacks.
-All right.
-I'm gonna eat
so many potato chips.
Best night ever!
♪ ♪
-So many buttons.
-[dryer chimes]
Okay, phew.
[several songs play]
-[dryer beeps]
-Yes.
[grunting]
[straining]
No! The dryer door won't open!
What the-- stuck?
[straining]
Please open.
Oh, my God.
Oh, h-hey, Tina. Uh...
Hi, Sam.
So, cool story.
I kinda sweat through my skirt,
and, uh, I put it in the dryer
and now
the dryer door won't open.
Um. So what
are you doing in here?
Um, nothing.
I'm not hiding or anything,
'cause who hides at a party?
That's weird.
That'd be super weird.
No, I'm f-- I'm fine.
-Okay.
-Okay, I'm kinda sorta hiding,
but not from, like,
anyone specific.
It's just more like hiding from,
uh, everything
that's going on out there?
Is it okay if we don't talk
about it, actually?
Oh, yeah. Um, hey, do you think
maybe you could help me
with the dryer door?
Oh, sure.
[straining]
Oh, my God.
Yeah, no dice, home slice.
I'm very sorry I said that.
[groans] What am I gonna do?
Hey, uh, maybe
I could go find Chelsea
and maybe she could help?
Okay, maybe...
-♪ ♪
-Yeah.
There she is.
Hey, Chelsea, some
soda spilled over there--
Boo! I'm dancing, so no. Bye.
Okay, yeah.
I just-- I'm-I'm going.
Um, you know what?
Maybe we just
-try the dryer door again?
-Yeah, good idea.
Okay, just a few more steps.
Don't look yet, don't look yet.
-Okay, now look.
-[gasps]
-[Gene] Wow.
-[Linda] Oh, my God.
-[Louise] What?
[Gene]
Trash Pallet Bob's.
-Yup.
-I love it.
Damn it. I guess you win.
This is better.
Even though you cheated
-by being really good at this.
-Yes!
In your faces!
I win! I'm the winner!
I mean, thank you.
Thanks a lot, Louise.
It is really impressive.
Should we take it down?
-What?
-Oh.
'Cause, you know,
it's past closing time and--
[groans] I never ate my burger.
Let's serve it to him down here.
-In Trash Pallet Bob's.
-Ooh.
Really? That would be, like,
a lifelong dream come true.
Teddy, you just did this.
Yeah, no, I know,
but I didn't know
it was my lifelong dream
until I got started.
But we might
as well enjoy it, right?
-Well, we did.
-Oh, come on, Bob.
Don't be a pallet pooper.
Yeah, Dad,
the upstairs restaurant
never has to know about this.
[sighs] Okay, fine.
-Yes!
-Yay! We get to watch Teddy
eat a burger in our basement.
It's not the first time,
but it's always interesting.
♪ Burger in the basement. ♪
[both straining]
I give up.
-I don't know what to do.
-Whew.
Yeah, uh, that felt like
a long time to do that.
I need to get out of here.
I can't miss another slow song.
Yeah, yeah. Totally. Totally.
Uh, Sam,
you don't have to stay here
and suffer with me.
You should go.
Yeah...
Wait, why are you hiding--
Um, I mean, taking
a long break in here again?
Well, I--
It's kind of embarrassing.
I'm wearing a towel,
so I'm pretty familiar
with embarrassing.
Right. Well, I'm, um...
I'm just, like, not really sure
how to be out there.
You know? Like, I'm not much
of a dancer, like, at all,
and I heard there was
gonna be slow dancing,
and after I heard that,
I started having
what I thought was, I'm pretty
sure, like a heart attack
or something?
Just a-a tightness.
-Oh.
-Yeah, and then I thought,
you know, well,
I just won't
ask anyone to dance,
and I'll just hang out near
the snacks and that'll be fine.
But then I thought,
you know, what if somebody
asks me to dance?
And I'm not gonna
hurt somebody's feelings,
so, no, I would have to
do it, right?
But then if it's a slow dance,
and I mean, I don't know
where to put my hands
or where to look or
to like, where to breathe
or like, what to say
to each other, like--
Or do we not talk?
Like, nobody told me
any of that, so it's like,
what is going to happen?
What's gonna happen?
So I thought, you know, if I...
wanted to come, and I thought
that maybe I did want to come,
but I don't know what made me
think that I could handle it.
And maybe I think
I'm just gonna never go to
another party again. Yeah.
Oh. And I mean,
the whole UB thing
is probably difficult
to navigate, too.
What's UB?
-Upper butt?
-What is that? Wh--
Is that a thing? Is that-- What?
No. Never mind, never mind.
Not a thing at all.
[gasps] Oh, it's a cat.
Yeah, it's just a cat.
Uh, I guess if we're gonna
be trapped in here,
it's nice to have a cute little
kitty-- Okay, it's pooping
in the litter box...
-Oh. Oh...
Does that look normal?
He's definitely not regular.
Oh, that's strong.
I can smell it through
my fingers, somehow.
I'm just gonna try the dryer
again real quick.
[grunts]
Nope, still stuck. Cool.
-Cool, cool.
-That cat is not okay.
[Bob]
We shouldn't be doing this.
I'm reheating Teddy's burger,
but I'm not singing
the "Congratulations,
You're the Best Builder" song
that he wanted us to sing.
I'll sing it.
You do the beatboxing part.
I'm gonna lock up
and flip the sign.
Hey, Dalton.
Linda. Oh, my God,
are you guys still open?
We were looking
for a good binner spot.
Binner is the meal after dinner,
but before bed.
I invented it, you're welcome.
Aw, no, sorry, we're closed.
But I smell food. And alcohol,
but that might be from me.
No, the food's for downstairs.
We're just--
Eating in our new secret
underground restaurant.
Wait, you have a secret
underground restaurant?
-Yeah.
-I didn't read about this.
Did I read about this?
-No.
-No, right?
Did you post anywhere?
Eatumups? GobbleGossip?
NumnumDinnerdog? ChowYouDoing?
-No, very secret.
-BOB: Louise. No.
You guys, I love this so much.
Love the secrecy.
I won't tell anyone
except the people I just texted.
What?
But it's already, like,
impossible to get in.
-So, yeah.
-Of course. I totally get it.
But get me two tables
or I'll die right here
-and you'll have to dispose
of my body.
-Yeah, yeah.
I'll see what I can do.
Let me talk to my manager. Mom?
[stammering] Maybe.
Uh, Bob?
Uh, um, I-I...
Oh my God, thank you so much.
Some of my party's arriving late
and we'll need
extra settings at the table.
Thank you, thank you,
thank you, thank you.
Oh, my God.
Okay. This belt I made
out of what I think
are Chelsea's dad's dirty socks
should hold the towel in place.
And it looks okay, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, it seems
fashion-forward.
I'm going with it and I'm
gonna get back out there.
And Sam, you should, too.
I mean, honestly,
what's the worst
that could go wrong?
Uh... Yeah, I don't know,
I guess I could be
dancing with someone
and then I step on her foot
and break her toe.
Or what if I accidentally
touch that pressure point
on the back
of someone's shoulders
that just makes them,
like, fall down dead?
-That could happen?
-Yeah, I don't know! Probably!
Oh no! The second slow song!
I'm going.
Uh, okay. Uh, have fun.
Uh, honestly, Sam,
you shouldn't stay in here
with Chelsea's dad's dirty
laundry and the cat poop
that looks like the cat has
major digestive problems.
How has the smell gotten worse?
All right,
I-I'm gonna try to scoop it.
That, uh, doesn't look like
the right way to scoop poop.
I mean, I'm pretty sure
you're not supposed
to close your eyes
and turn your head?
Uh... Here, I'll, uh,
I'll help you real quick.
-Ah. Thanks.
-Just need to grab a baggie.
[gagging] Oh, my God,
it really smells.
[coughing, gagging]
Uh... Is-- How's it going?
Great. [coughing]
Uh, towel falling!
[screams]
-Oh, my God.
-No!
-[gasping]
-Oh, no.
Hey, hey, um, well,
uh, the good news is
you can wash it off 'cause
we're in a laundry room.
Um, but then I don't know
if you'll be able
to dry it, 'cause-- you know.
[Tina screaming]
Okay, so I think I washed
most of the cat diarrhea
off my shirt, so that's good.
But it is very, very wet.
Ugh. This is when a dryer
with a door that opens
-comes in handy.
-Yup, yup.
And sure, I could change
into a different shirt,
if anyone in Chelsea's family
ever washed them.
This basket is all socks
and towels and underwear!
Who wears this much underwear?!
Tina, do you want me to go get
Chelsea's mom and dad?
And maybe they can help?
Eh, then I'd be the person
who brings
Chelsea's parents downstairs,
which will make everyone sad and
might make Chelsea murder me?
So, maybe not?
-[Jimmy Jr. whoops]
-Uh...
I really got to get out there
before "Sweet Love Sugar"
comes on.
Eh! Got to stretch
my hammies.
Gotta keep it loose, goose!
These pants might look tight,
but they're actually
really stretchy.
Wait for me,
Jimmy Jr.'s upper butt.
Wait for me.
Here are your burgers.
Kind of a pallet cleanser.
Right? Get it?
'Cause of the pallets?
Oh! [laughs]
Linda, I have a splinter
in my butt
and that's a compliment.
I mean it.
-Thank you.
-Sorry about the splinter.
I-I wanted to sand the seats,
but I had to hang
these lights, too, you know?
There was just so much pressure
to get it done and open, right?
Dalton, we usually
charge for splinters,
but for you, it's on the house.
-But tweezers cost extra.
-BOB: Hey, guys?
Uh, please send up
the new orders
as soon as you can
so we can not do this anymore.
I'm not sure an underground
restaurant is exactly... legal.
So, we should probably
keep that in mind. Thank you.
Okay! Hi, welcome
to Trash Pallet Bob's.
Everyone had their tetanus
shots? You'll be fine.
Ugh, my shirt is still so wet.
Air drying is a myth.
Okay, I'm thinking maybe
I can make a shirt
out of Chelsea's
dad's underwear?
Sew them together with...
-my hair, maybe?
-Y-Yeah...?
Ugh! I just wish I could
start this whole night over
and not drench my skirt in sweat
and not get it stuck
in the world's worst dryer!
And not fall boobs-first
into the most disgusting
litter box ever!
W-W-W-Wait. Uh, "start over."
What if-- What if, um...
What if we unplug the dryer
and then we just plug it
back in and restart it?
Like, you know,
when you restart a computer?
Yup. Let's try it.
Where's the plug?
Wh-Wh-Wh--
Uh, uh, oh! Here.
Uh, I-I can see the outlet.
Let me just see
if I can reach it, uh...
[grunting] Oh, God.
Oh, wow. Oh, this is harder
than I thought. [grunts]
-TINA: You okay?
-Yeah, I'm good. I'm fine.
Ah! Ha-ha! I got it.
Plugging it back in...
[grunting]
Oh, wow. Oh, God.
[chiming]
Oh, my God, it opened!
Sam, you're a genius! Thank you!
Oh, yeah, you're welcome.
Wow, that's the hardest
thing I've ever done.
I'm gonna change back into this
and I'm gonna throw
this baby in on tumble dry.
And then it's time
to get on the UB train.
Next stop:
Upper Butts-sylvannia.
I'm very happy for you.
You mind turning that way
while I change
into my skirt
and dry my shirt?
Oh, yeah, yeah. Uh, of course.
Maybe I'll also just, uh,
put this box over my head.
-I mean, you don't have to--
-And then I'll just hum,
so I--
-so I can't hear anything.
-Uh...
-[humming]
-Okay.
[continues humming]
So sorry, we're full right now,
but my hand has room...
Oh! I'm being told
a table just opened up.
[whispering]
Because of the money.
Right this way.
It smells, uh, sort of
like mildew down there.
-I hope you mil-don't mind.
-Oh, my God.
It's the hottest place in town,
it smells like garbage,
and no one has done this before.
And this guy built it.
Teddy Handimahn.
Am I saying that right?
Oh, no, I-I was just saying
that I'm a handyman, but yeah.
-Is that the bathroom?
-That's the walk-in freezer.
Love it! Come on, you guys.
Just so you know,
we're definitely not
going in there to do drugs.
All right, sounds good.
Nice talking to you.
-Good as new, right?
-Yeah, you can't see
the poop anymore.
Unless you know where to look,
in which case you might see,
like, a really faint
outline of the poop,
but it's pretty dark in there,
so you'll be fine.
No one's gonna know you're
wearing a diarrhea shirt.
-Great.
-[dance music playing]
[gasps] "Funky Farmer Fred."
Next song is "Sweet Love Sugar."
Perfect timing.
Here we go.
Sam, are you sure
you don't want to come out
and join the party?
It's close to the end.
You can hide
in the shadows and, um,
just feel like you got that far?
Uh, yeah. Um, I'll be out
in a minute. You go ahead.
I-I-- You've got...
upper butt brain.
Damn straight.
Uh, see you out there.
[dance music playing]
[Tina thinking]
Huh. So, he's not
gonna come out.
But it's time for T
to get some UB.
[Tina thinking]
When this song ends,
it's "Sweet Love Sugar" time.
[dance music playing]
-Tina! Where have you been?
-Ah!
Did you go outside to fart
so no one would know it was you?
[laughs]
I would never do that.
Sorry, Tammy, I'm just
gonna dance past you...
-No, you're not. No, you're not.
-[grunts]
-No, you're not. [squeals]
-Move it!
-Oh, my God!
-Whoo! Haa-hoo!
That one got my blood pumping.
My whole body's, like, tingling.
["Sweet Love Sugar" playing]
LINDA:
I remember
we used to have dances
at the rec center
every Saturday night.
The best part was
that everybody danced.
[deep inhale]
[sighs]
Oh, hey, you're back. Did you...
sweat through your skirt again?
That was...
That was really fast.
You, uh, didn't come out.
Oh, yeah, I'm just
gonna wait until
people start to leave
and then slip out.
Um, s-still gonna be
a fun memory, right?
It's a... big success.
Sam, come out there
and dance with me.
-What?
-Yeah, come on.
-But, uh--
-Sam, w-we're just
two people who are gonna dance.
But what about your UB plans?
No, no, no. No UB.
Don't UB worried about that.
-Uh...
-Sam, it's gonna be okay,
I promise.
Sorry, my hand's a little--
It's a-- It's a lot...
-It's very sweaty.
-So is mine. So is mine.
Oh. Yeah, it is.
How does music get
on these things, anyway?
-It's like magic.
-I know!
♪ ♪
♪ Chocolate ice cream on... ♪
Oh, God, I'm doing it.
I'm dancing.
And you're good at it, too.
Ah, I know you're
just saying that.
I'm stepping
on your foot right now.
-I heard it crack.
-I'm okay.
-Hey, thanks, Tina.
-No big deal.
You know, I-I think I kind of
like slow dancing a little bit.
-[song speeds up]
-Oh. Oh, God, the fast part.
Oh, I was just getting
used to the slow part.
No, no. The fast part's
gonna be great.
Don't think about it,
just go with it.
Hah! Hah! Hah! Yeah!
[laughs]
BOB:
Um, I-I know I was, uh...
slightly against this idea,
but I think we made
more money down here
than we did upstairs all day.
"Slightly against it"? Dad...
I, like, came around,
like, immediately.
-Mm-hmm.
-It'd be crazy to leave this up
and do it again tomorrow, right?
Oh, I don't know...
I'd leave it up.
Hey, this crumb keeps moving.
Oh, it's a bug.
Oh, wait,
there are a couple of bugs.
-Where?
-There.
-Oh, yeah.
Sometimes bark beetles
live in wooden pallets.
-They lay their eggs in them.
-Oh, God.
Uh, I see an egg sac
under this one.
Yeah, egg sac here, too.
Oh, God! [gags]
They're everywhere!
Okay. Uh, let's see how fast
we can take these out.
-Yep, yep.
-Oh, boy.
-Let's go.
-Let's go, let's go.
-Yup, yup.
-Mm-hmm.
I did it.
I danced at a dance party.
Yeah! You danced
till your legs fell off.
-Oh, my God, did I?
-No, sorry. Figure of speech.
Hey, there's a empty chair
next to Jimmy Jr.
I mean, it's not, you know, UB,
but it's something, right?
Like, EC? Empty chair?
-Oh, yeah. EC for me.
-[phone buzzing]
Oh. My mom's here, I got to go.
Uh, bye, Chelsea.
Thanks for having me.
Great party, check on your cat,
I think he might be sick.
His stools are very irregular.
Bye.
Bye, Sam.
You okay, Jimmy Jr.?
You look wiped out.
Yeah. I guess I wasn't totally
over my sinus infection.
But I really left it
all out there.
Did-did you have fun tonight?
Yeah, in a different way
than I thought.
Oof. Can I rest my head
on your shoulder for a second?
-Oh, uh, yeah, go-go ahead.
-[sighs] Thanks.
Do you have any soup?
-Uh, I don't.
-That's okay.
♪ Whenever I'm with you ♪
♪ I'm wearin' a grin ♪
♪ I never want to leave
this place ♪
♪ Especially since you've got ♪
♪ A chocolate goatee
on your chin ♪
♪ Chocolate all over your face ♪
♪ So happy you're
the one I chose ♪
♪ Gonna put some chocolate
ice cream on your nose ♪
♪ When I'm with you,
my feelings soar ♪
♪ Don't even care
if it clogs my pores ♪
♪ Won't you give me
some sweet love sugar? ♪
♪ Oh, sweet love sugar ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, sweet... ♪
Captioning sponsored by
BENTO BOX ENTERTAINMENT
and TOYOTA.